All of these companies, Microsoft, Meta,
Alphabet, you name it, they now have to
go use their balance sheet to a degree
they wouldn't have had to otherwise,
technically. And so, I have no problem
with that, run your business the way you
want to, but present it a little more
cleanly so people understand, well,
okay, part of this is not just AI data
center build out or whatever it is, part
of this is compensation. And as an
investor looking to value the business,
I need to know what the real number is
that I should use.
>> [music]
>> Hi, I'm Telis Demos. Today's show we're
going to be talking all about the
Knicks. We're going to go over every
basket No, I'm kidding. Actually,
today's show is about AI hyperscalers
and free cash flow, but don't worry, it
will be just as exciting as all the NBA
playoff games were.
Uh first, I want to introduce Kevin
Coharki. Kevin, say hi.
>> How you doing, guys? A real pleasure to
be here. Thanks for having me.
>> Kevin is a long-time financial analyst
and a principal at CAE Consulting. He's
also a professor at Purdue University.
And over here we've got the WSJ's own
Jonathan Weil. John, say hi.
>> Hi, Telis. Hi, Kevin.
>> Uh John works with me at Heard on the
Street, and for those of you who aren't
already familiar with John's work, he is
basically the goat of accounting-driven
reporting. Uh and he's been doing it
since the days of Enron and WorldCom.
Uh all right, so why why have I got
these guys here today? I know that a lot
of you out there in the audience are
very worried about whether or not we're
in some sort of AI-driven bubble. And I
know that that worry has become
especially acute after SpaceX's IPO and
its blast off now as of when we're
recording toward a $3 trillion
valuation. So, as we get into the start
of earnings season,
we wanted to provide everybody with some
ways to think about whether or not the
results of these companies are in any
way matching or keeping up with the hype
that we are seeing in the pricing and
just conversation around them. And
that's companies like Nvidia, Microsoft,
Alphabet, Meta.
And along those lines, I think that
something that John Wylie has been
writing about has been a really good
guide to how to think about some of
that. And I know John some of that story
started with a conversation with Kevin.
So, why don't you take us behind the
scenes of of how you guys first came
into contact? What conversation did you
start having coming out of that?
>> I think it was February and you just
cold called me or emailed me
>> Pretty much, yeah.
>> out of the blue and said I've got a
story for you about companies
that are completely overstating their
earnings, aren't profitable
even or barely profitable and it's all
because they understood the costs of
stock-based compensation and I want to
show you how.
That's where it got really interesting
because then you can look at you know,
Meta was the example that we that I used
for the column in February. You could
see that well, they start off with X
amount of net income and it looks really
impressive. And then you look at all
their capital, you look at their cash
flow, it still looks from
it's called a standard number called
cash flow from operating activities. It
still looks impressive. Then you look at
how much their capital investments are,
CapEx it's often called. Then you say,
"Oh, it looks less impressive. They're
spending a lot of money on data
centers."
And then you have to take into account
the cash costs of stock-based
compensation which basically consists of
paying taxes, withholding taxes for
employees, and then buybacks that are
related to the actual
stock-based payments themselves because
you're trying to offset dilution to keep
shareholders from having their stakes
diluted. You take those two elements and
now you're down to like almost no
earnings, almost no free cash flow.
And the free cash flow again, it's it's
what is left over to either pay down
debt or you know, send cash back to your
shareholders
once all of your capital investment and
all your compensation activities are
done with. And at Meta it removed like
for 2025 it removed like 96%
of their uh
what, free cash flow or cash flow from
operating activities? Which one?
>> I I always put it in cash from operating
activities cuz to me it's it's
compensation. So, whether I'm paying
uh you and John in cash or I'm paying
you in stock-based comp, makes no
difference.
If I If at the end of the day I'm going
to buy back the stock and pay cash, then
that to me is an operating activity. So,
the adjustment I make is I actually
reduce operating cash flow. And then to
John's point, take out capital
expenditures and what you're really left
is what the owner would walk away with,
which is the which is the adjusted free
cash flow that I think John and I like
to like to call it.
>> So,
backing up a little bit,
we know that it cost an enormous amount
of money to build a data center, right?
Buying that stuff would be reflected in
a company's capex, right?
>> Mhm.
>> And then of course,
you need people to come up with models
and test those models and do all of the
engineering that goes into, you know,
developing artificial intelligence and
then thinking of products and
those people are highly sought after and
you need to pay those people a ton a ton
of money. And not all of that pay is in
the form of salary, some of it is in the
form of options
that they can then exercise to get stock
and make tons of money that way.
>> Or restricted stock, too.
>> Yeah, restricted stock.
>> Or or restricted stock.
>> Okay, but you're you're offering them
some sort of stock-based compensation to
work for you. And that's really
important, right? Like these people have
lots of options. They could work at
Anthropic or Open AI or Meta and they're
highly sought after and so to to recruit
them, you need to offer them really big
pay packages, right?
>> Mhm.
>> Pretty much. And it gets undercounted on
the income statement.
>> Correct.
>> Yeah.
>> So, John, you were trying to get to the
heart of how much money
essentially, the free cash flow. What
what what actual money is sort of
flowing in or out of these companies on
a quarterly basis. When you and Kevin
started talking, um
what what conclusion did you ultimately
come to? What what is the the the the
right way to think about the free cash
flow of these businesses?
>> There's one number on there that was
you know, not in doubt. It's like, you
have tax withholding costs uh related to
these stock option I mean, you know,
restricted stock grants. Uh that's just
disclosed straight up for the vast
majority companies. That's not hard. The
hard part is when you look at their
stock buybacks, trying to come up with
some reasonable estimate of how much of
those are related to actually paying the
employees versus buybacks for other
reasons. Like, we think the stock is
cheap or we just want to return capital
to shareholders or whatever.
>> kind of the regular buybacks that
companies do all the time.
>> And so,
it it's probably too complicated to go
into here. I'll let Kevin give it a shot
later if he wants. But, uh to, you know,
try to estimate what percentage of
buybacks are uh compensation related.
And some companies' disclosures are much
better than others. Meta actually has
very good disclosures on this because
they give very granular data on a part
of the financial statements called the
equity statement. Uh statement of
stockholders' equity. And based upon the
disclosures in there, uh we were able to
estimate that 90% or Kevin was able to
show me how to estimate that 90% of the
buybacks for last year were related to
uh stock-based pay. And basically, you
can see that that 90% uh the whole
purpose of that was to uh offset
dilution. So, that ordinary shareholders
wouldn't have their stakes diluted.
>> Backing up for a second. So, that
dilution is So, if your employees are
exercising options or using restricted
stock units to get actual stock.
>> Yep.
>> Right? The stuff that they can actually
then take and sell and get their money
out.
If they if if all of your employees
start doing that, basically that creates
a lot more of your stock, right? And as
an outside investor in the company,
you're thinking, "Wait a second. The
company's handing out all these shares."
>> Yep.
>> The more shares there are, unless the
value of the company also goes up, which
in this case it isn't really, then I'm
just getting a smaller stake of the
company because you're just handing out,
right? And as an outside investor,
you're like, that's a problem. And so
what the companies did in response is
say, "Don't worry, we will buy back the
stock that that that we are creating to
give to employees." But then that money
they were spending
wasn't then getting reflected in the
free cash flow.
>> Correct. Yeah, cuz the way the free cash
flow is normally calculated, you just
have cash from operating activities
minus capital expenditures. I'm a
Buffettologist at heart. So Buffett and
Munger said even after they started
expensing stock-based comp, they said,
"Now we adjust for the true cost." And
so for years I always thought, "What do
they mean by the true cost?" And as just
as my accounting knowledge got better
and whatnot, and I thought about this
more,
I realized, "Oh, I see what they're
doing." And and it's very simple to me.
If we were to take Meta off the stock
exchange, if the three of us were to get
together and buy Meta, we would say
based on 2025 numbers, they generated 45
billion roughly in free cash flow. And
so let's say we're going to pay 20 times
free cash flow for that. We're going to
pay 900 billion for this company. Well,
by when you do the math that John and I
do, we would be very disappointed at the
end of the year because we're going to
find out that it's not even 5 billion in
actual free cash flow because you have
to adjust for the stock-based
compensation. And then there's a $2.5
billion adjustment for the principal
portion of finance leases, which they
call out. They say to do that one. They
ignore the 800-lb gorilla in the room.
And so I look at this and I say, "I've
had people argue with me on this,
investors that manage billions and
whatnot." And I've told them, I said,
"Think of it this way.
If the three of us were to buy Meta,
take it out,
those engineers that you had mentioned
earlier tell us, "We're not giving them
stock anymore." So
in order to keep them, we're going to
have to pay them in cash salary or
bonus, or they're going to walk. And as
soon as we pay them in cash, now it's on
our P&L as SG&A, selling, general,
administrative.
>> in earnings.
>> Correct. And the net income goes down.
Okay.
>> And so does the cash from operations.
>> And free cash flow, unlike
uh things like net income, it doesn't
have a standard definition. But, by and
large, uh the way most people calculate
it is cash flow from operating
activities, which has a standard
definition, minus capital expenditures
or CapEx, again standard definition, and
the just the vast majority of people
have never thought through to exclude
all the other actual operating costs
that aren't in the operating section of
the cash flow statement.
>> So, how did we get to this point, Kevin,
where
this absolutely necessary cost of hiring
the best people to do this work was
somehow not being factored into a
company's free cash flow in a way that
that like you guys have laid out really
makes sense. Why wasn't that always part
of the calculation?
>> So, the way the way I think about it,
it's it's two kind of accounting rules.
We have very basic, the matching
principle. So, any any time an employee
works for you, you can match their
expense to the revenue it created in
that period. We do the same thing with
buildings. We might depreciate a
building over 30 years. And let's say
the building costs $30 million.
Okay, you're going to depreciate a
million dollars a year. Why don't we
just dump that all into the income
statement in year one? Well, because we
can match the expense of that building
to the revenue it's going to generate
over a 30-year period. So then, when you
get to stock-based compensation, it kind
of works similarly to where most of the
time these things will have a three- or
four-year vesting period. Now, some of
them cliff vest all at once. Some some
will do evenly over three, four years.
It doesn't matter. To John's point,
let's say that we have an option or an
RSU at 30 at the grant date. That's the
price. And it's if it's a three-year
vest, you can't touch it. You can't do
anything until it vests. So, we expense
$10 a year for three years. Now, the
life of that thing could be 10 years.
So, we have no idea. And so, because we
don't know that,
the FASB, in my opinion, basically said,
"Well, let's be conservative."
>> Correct. The Financial Accounting
Standards Board, right. They set the
rules.
>> And RSUs is restricted stock units,
right?
>> Right. They say, "All right." Cuz I
believe this is how they do it. They
say, "All right, well, we're going to be
conservative. We're going to expense
what we can now, follow the matching
principle." And then when Telus or John
go exercise or the option or the RSU
vests and the stock is at a at a 100,
fine, that is what it is. But that extra
$70 doesn't go on the P&L ever. And I'm
sitting there looking at this thinking,
I understand why FASB does it. I I don't
disagree with that. And so to the way
John wrote the article and whatnot,
we're not saying anybody's doing
anything illegal far from it. But it's
just a good analyst needs to know how to
think about this and make the
adjustments. And as FASB flat-out says,
I'm going to paraphrase, of course, but
the financial statements are meant for
for lack of a better word, quote,
knowledgeable users, end quote. And so
if you don't know how to think about
these things, well, that's on you.
>> So I know you guys have both prepared
spreadsheets for our our episode here
because that's that's that's just sort
of
>> we do.
>> the type of people you are. So, let's
talk about magnitude here. We've been
talking a bunch about Meta. I know it's
not exclusive to to Meta, but the that
was one company you guys looked at. What
are we talking here, magnitude? What
would a an untrained investor look at
and say, "Oh, here's what their free
cash flow is." And what would you guys
say is the right kind of true number
that people should be thinking about?
>> So when I looked at Meta for 2025, it's
89% of their free cash flow goes away.
And the difference, John, I think your
number's a little higher because
>> Cuz I was using an exclusion that they
themselves do, the finance leases.
>> Yeah, they Meta's one of the few
companies that actually include an
exclusion. It So me and John's math
actually is the same.
I just didn't include it in the number I
just gave you. My calc for Q1, it was
33% because Meta stopped their buybacks.
Alphabet's the other one. Alphabet for
fiscal 25 was 67% free cash flow goes
down. For Q1, they also stopped doing
their buybacks,
but it was still a 62% hit.
>> Can you give me just some raw numbers on
that? We're we're talking what billion
to what billion?
>> For Meta, it went for 2025, free cash
flow went from 46 billion to 5 billion.
>> Okay. It's a big It's a big number.
>> For Alphabet, it was 73 billion free
cash flow down to 24 billion.
Uh for Q1 for Meta, it was 13 down to 9.
And for Q1 for Alphabet, it was 10 down
to about 4.
>> John, does that check out?
>> Yeah. Uh Meta, I would actually take it
down a little bit more because of the
one other adjustment we talked about.
>> And of course, there's, you know, always
multiple ways of looking at something.
So, what would Meta or company like that
say to the to the findings you've been
talking about here?
>> Well, for that particular column back in
February, Meta declined to comment. So,
but there was never any disagreement
about the numbers. I mean, the numbers
are what the numbers are.
The question comes down to, you know,
going forward, can they generate the
cash necessary to keep on financing the
buildout that they need to do or that
they believe they need to do to be
competitive?
Um and they would say, "We'll find a
way."
>> All right, hold that thought. We're
going to take a quick break. We're going
to let everybody breathe. Now that
you've had a had an accounting lesson
here. Uh take a break, go take a walk
around the block, come back, and we're
going to talk about why this matters cuz
it really does get to the heart of
everything that we've been talking about
with the AI, you know, buildout and the
enormous costs that are associated with
that. So, when we come back, we're going
to continue with Kevin Coharki and John
Wyld.
All right, welcome back. So, okay, we've
been talking about free cash flow at big
AI hyperscaler companies and why the
number that you see, if you know, if
you're not that experienced and you need
to go look it up, why that number might
not really be the right number to think
about. And I want to ask you guys,
Kevin, I'll start with you.
W- What's important about that?
>> So, I'll start with just generally uh
because it again, as a buffetologist, he
always says, "Well, pretend that you're
buying the entire company. How much
would you expect to get out of it?" And
that's what you would use to value the
business. Ultimately, it's just the free
cash the present value of discounted
free cash flows, right? Okay, fine. For
the hyperscalers to me, I got to put an
asterisk on this cuz it's not only that,
the example we were talking before with
the three of us bought meta, but also
when we think about the level of CapEx
that they're spending, they're saying,
well, look, we generate all this cash
flow. We can now
invest in all this CapEx.
No problem. And I'm sitting there
thinking, no, but it is a problem
because you're telling me that you're
making $45 billion
when you're really making, you know, as
me and John would say, like two or
three.
Right? Two or three billion. That's
what's actually left over for the owner,
but your CapEx is going up, let's say,
30, 40, 50% a year. So, where do you
make up the difference?
You start using your balance sheet. So,
all of these companies, Microsoft, Meta,
Alphabet, you name it. Now, they're
taking on a lot of debt. You can make
the argument that if they didn't have to
pay cash stock compensation expense, you
wouldn't have had to borrow. You
wouldn't have to lever your balance
sheet.
Alphabet is also unique cuz as you know,
they did 30 billion in borrowing in Q1
of this year, and then they just issued
85 billion in shares. And so, the fact
that they're using their cash to pay
employees with stock-based comp means
that they now have to go use their
balance sheet to a degree they wouldn't
have had to otherwise, technically. And
so, I have no problem with that. Run
your business the way you want to, but
present it a little more cleanly, so
people understand, well, okay, part of
this is not just AI data center
build-out or whatever it is. Part of
this is compensation. And as an investor
looking to value the business, I need to
know what the real number is that I
should use.
>> As you're speaking, Kevin, I'm sitting
here thinking, okay, so they're using
debt. So, what? I use debt, you know, I
have a mortgage, I have a credit card.
Why can't these giant companies with,
you know, incredible legacy businesses,
right?
Why as an investor should I be that
worried that these companies are are
going to need to use more debt in the
future.
>> One, you might not be able to see all of
it because a lot of it's being done off
balance sheet.
Uh and then directionally, if you think
of Meta uh just as an example, we keep
on picking on them, but 5 years before
they had no debt. These were all asset
except with the exception of Amazon. All
of these hyperscalers were asset-light
companies
uh until very recently. Now, what that
meant is, you know, they're
they're not issuing a lot of debt, if
any. Uh they don't have a lot of hard
assets, you know, physical plant,
property, equipment, that type of thing
on their books. Um
>> Before they didn't.
>> Before they didn't. Now they're Now
they're they're they're racing. It's a
almost a land rush to, you know, to
build out the infrastructure they need
to um
have this technological capability.
What they're going to do with it in the
end, nobody really knows yet. But it's
one thing when um their legacy
businesses are generating enough cash
that they can finance the build-out. It
is another thing when you when they
realize that we actually our legacy
businesses aren't generating enough cash
to finance this build-out and the
capital needs to to build it out are
growing and growing and we really don't
know where it's going to stop yet. Now
you're getting the point where they're
starting to hit a wall and they need to
get more creative in how they raise
money and then having to cut out cut
expenses, lay people off. Um
and
it even start tolerating dilution, not
doing as much in the way of buybacks.
That's a big change culturally as far as
the structure of the business model and
I think we're going to start seeing more
companies
uh probably doing stock issuances to
issuing more debt and until this land
rush phase is over with and I don't
think anybody really knows how long uh
it's going to be sustainable until
somebody ends up having to tap out and
say we can't keep up anymore.
>> All right, so with what you've just
outlined here, do you think the market
has taken that into account? Do you
think that the forward PE ratios reflect
the nature of these businesses as you
guys have been describing?
>> Not even a little bit, I don't think.
And and the reason I say that is because
when you when you think about how many
companies, let's say, are valued off of
the EBITDA.
EBITDA doesn't account for this.
EBITDA is just as
it this the cash cost of stock-based
comp isn't in there. Most companies
report adjusted EBITDA and they add back
stock-based compensation.
So, if you want to use enterprise value
to EBITDA, it's not in there.
>> And EBITDA, of course, is a is a common
earnings measure that Wall Street uses
and that stands for earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, and
amortization.
>> Correct. Here's the thing I worry about.
When you think about it even from, let's
say, a credit risk perspective, most of
the time your debt covenants are based
off of net leverage ratio, your
numerator, right? Or sorry, your net
leverage numerator. Uh net debt divided
by EBITDA. Well, if the EBITDA doesn't
account for this expense, then your net
leverage ratio is understated. So, that
could impact your credit rating, which
could impact your interest rate. And
then, as Buffett always says, you know,
it's not necessarily intrinsic value,
it's intrinsic value per share. And the
dilution that John is rightly pointing
out, we might be growing the size of the
business, but the the stockholder is not
benefiting at all because we just keep
diluting them. And so, you have to be
careful with this.
>> Well, a couple points, too.
Uh if you look at the sell-side
analysts, the Wall Street analysts and
their projections,
there's this miraculous, almost
checkmark-shaped uh recovery to free
cash flow that's being projected right
now. So, that you're going to have
basically a collapse to very little uh
free cash flow among the major
hyperscalers this year and next year.
And then a sudden rebound to 2025
levels. And then almost a near doubling
after that uh in 2029. Uh so, that it's
far surpassing the free cash flow. Now,
the notion
>> That's like the analyst consensus right
>> Yeah, and and the notion being and it
just seems improbable, especially once
you start getting to out year, you know,
estimates. It seems improbable that all
of this spending is going to uh be done
with
you know, at the end of 2028.
>> So, you don't think it's likely that we
go through a spending phase, right?
Everybody puts shovels in the ground,
they build their data centers, they hire
their engineers, they build up a a model
that the data is sufficient to kind of
sell to everybody in the world, and then
after that they begin to reap some of
the benefits, right? Like you you you
get the benefits of all that previous
spending, you get some
improved unit economics, right? Like
what that that doesn't seem that
implausible to me.
>> Well, the CapEx would continue to spend
would continue to grow.
>> not at the same level.
>> The tapering off. That's what the But
nobody knows. Nobody
Nobody knows how this is going to play
out. So, if you're looking at multiples,
my guess is that people are probably
looking out to 29 2029 2030 numbers. But
again, it's very hard to predict. You
know, 4 years ago nobody would have
predicted it was going to turn out the
way it did. I don't know how anybody
predicts now what it's going to turn out
to look like in 4 years. But if you're
talking about, you know, where are these
where is the disagreement on, you know,
how to value these things? It's probably
going to be on the out year numbers.
>> And this this is actually if I can
piggyback off you, John, this is
actually a really interesting point
because I I believe it was
Colette Kress, the CFO of Nvidia.
She recently said that look, by 2030 we
believe that
required infrastructure spend for data
centers will be 3 to 4 trillion per
year.
And I looked at that and thought, well,
to John's point, if the analysts are
forecasting a rebound in free cash flow,
think of the amount of cash from
operating activities or operating cash
flow that would need to pick up to
offset that. Cuz we're not spending
anywhere near that level now.
And I thought it was a funny number to
say 3 to 4 trillion because
global IT spend right now, at least
thanks to Google, is about 6 trillion.
So, they're saying that global IT spend
would have to go up by at least 50%. So,
to John's point, when you think of the
magnitude of operating cash flow that
would have to come up to offset that,
it it doesn't seem like the sell-side
community is taking that three to four
trillion in either, and it came from one
of the Mag 7 CFOs.
>> You're also seeing now uh a lag time
between the time that let's just use
Nvidia as an example. They're selling
chips to all the AI companies. You have
the you know, semiconductor makers and
other makers of AI hardware, Nvidia, and
the like. Um
their earnings and revenue are
benefiting immediately,
but their customers are able to defer
this expense over a number of years, and
in some cases, they're not even having
to start the depreciation expense
because it's going into data centers
that are under construction, and the
depreciation period doesn't even start
tolling until they turn the lights of
the data center. So, in the meantime,
you're going you've got this period, and
nobody knows if this this golden
moment's going to be 12 months, 18
months, however long it goes. But, yeah,
where the entire S&P 500 earnings are
getting lifted because the benefits of
the sales are coming through, and the
expenses are not.
>> All right, we're going to take another
quick break, and when we come back, more
with Kevin Coharki and John Weil.
So, just to wrap up, you're talking
about something pretty profound, really
really calling into question whether or
not the earnings that we are seeing out
of all these companies, which look
enormous. People have been talking about
how we're in this incredible cycle for
earnings growth. And John, it makes me
think of something you wrote in your
piece about Meta when you were writing
about they look like this money-printing
machine, but if you look at the free
cash flow more closely, uh it becomes
quote you said something of an optical
illusion. Uh thinking about that phrase,
Kevin, how widespread would you say
people should be concerned about
the earnings that they are seeing today
being not really what they're what they
look like on paper.
>> I think I I very concerned, and uh with
a lot of the consulting work I do, I get
to work with a lot of engineers that
are involved in building some of these
things or using this technology. I was
on the I was on the phone yesterday with
the chief technology officer of a
$90 billion a year company and we were
talking about this exact thing. We were
kind of just trading opinions back and
forth and I said, you know, one of my
problems, sir, I'm not going to say his
name obviously, was a sir. I said is,
you know, you always want me to train
your engineers about life cycle cost,
right? What is the cost from creation
until death? And I don't know that
anyone has factored this in yet. What I
mean by that is these data centers are
going to suck up so much water and
electricity and everything else.
There will be an ultimate cost to that
later on if there are environmental
impacts. We've seen this with tobacco,
asbestos, all this other fun stuff.
How do you
>> Costs that we haven't even conceived of
necessarily yet, yeah.
>> Correct. Correct. And in government
contracting, this is a very key thing.
You have to account for the whole life
cycle cost of whatever it is you're
building. And so how do you price that
into your product? One, I don't think
that it has been. And if it's not priced
into the product, then it has not been
priced into the free cash flow that
investors and analysts are looking at.
So I don't I don't think there's a full
understanding of this at all. Coupled
with the fact that a lot of my engineers
are saying, look, we normally build a
building for 30 to 40 years, but the
energy usage is so strong, a lot of
these buildings maybe they'll last 15
years.
And I just think then that changes the
CAPEX cycle considerably because it
obviously quickens it, which means the
reinvestment needs are just higher. And
I just don't think that this is very
well understood yet by market
participants.
>> So, Kevin, I know you're not here to
give investment advice. But but but if
you're
you know, if you were talking to a
friend and they were saying, you know,
I'm worried about this AI bubble, would
you would you say that their bearishness
is warranted? Would you advise people to
to change their investing strategy to
sort of see if they can minimize the
impact of this stuff in their portfolio?
>> I would advise them to at least
reconsider maybe some of their prior
thoughts. So, funny enough, I am a
registered investment advisor. I have a
series 65.
>> There you go.
>> So, I could say it legally. But, um I
wouldn't tell anybody specific advice. I
wouldn't give them uh stock
recommendations. Obviously, that's not
what I do. But, I would tell them on the
analysis just think about it a little
bit more deeply and not just take the
reported numbers at face value. Which is
one of which is the main reason,
honestly, I called John because I've
been reading his If I can give him a hat
tip, I've been reading his articles for
years and thought if there's anyone
who's going to understand this, it'll be
him.
>> The other side is that it's a bull
market. Bull market, you put multiples
on hopes and dreams.
And when things can't be quantified and
everything's a debating point, you're
going to have optimists who look at this
and say this is a breakthrough
technology. We don't We've seen what
breakthrough technologies can lead to in
terms of wealth creation, and we don't
know where this is going to go, but
we're willing to to bet that the people
who are building these things are
building it for a reason. And sure, they
may find out later, you know, they may
be waiting to figure out later exactly
how they're going to monetize this cuz
they don't know yet. But,
we'll take the chances on them. And
that's, I think, as much as anything
what drives up stock prices and why
these companies are out able to go out
and borrow at very low cost of capital.
And it will work until it doesn't.
>> Yeah, the market certainly is has has
been there to to finance this so far.
So, um a lot of people think that that
maybe they can all collectively
land the AI ship. All right. Uh both of
you, thank you so much for joining us.
Kevin, thanks so much.
>> No, thank you very much for having me.
It's been my pleasure to be here.
>> for having me. It's always
>> And John, thanks for thanks for coming
down from the sixth floor here to the
fourth floor with us.
>> Thank you.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right. So, first of all, I got to
say congratulations cuz it's only a
handful of people that have pronounced
my last name right. So, wait a minute.
Well done.
>> [laughter]
>> I didn't You know what?
>> What did I
>> Shame on me for not doing
>> No, you said it earlier. You said it
earlier. I heard it. I was like, "He's
got it."
>> [music]